title: My New Story: A Portal to Another World
date: June 23, 2025
image: /assets/images/a-portal-to-another-world.png

Chapter 1: New School

One day… Okay okay I am not going to start with the basic routine all right-  Let’s start it over again. Hi, my name is Casey Jones and I am in 7th grade!
I have two brothers and one sister; my two brothers are named Nick and Josh and my little sister’s name is Rebecca. I know, I know I have a big family, so, I’ve got this big story to tell you. It’s Monday, my first day of school and my best friend Bella from Kindergarten is in my class! I am so happy I am not alone. When I walked in the room, I saw kids with patchy beards, red boxing gloves and huge pimples. I got scared and disgusted when I walked in that room.

Chapter 2: The Cheese

When it was recess. I decided to go play my favorite sport basketball!  Then I went to the basketball court and no one was there. Hello? Hey? I saw no one there but then I saw an old rotten cheese. I looked at the cheese and somebody yelled “DON’T TOUCH THAT CHEEESE!”
“Huh?” I said to myself. “Oh, it’s my best friend! Bella”, she said “Don’t touch it or else you’ll get the cheese touch!” “The cheese what?” I said confused. “Let me tell you the story.” Said Bella. “We don’t know where, we don’t know how. but someone dropped that cheese and no one would pick it up. One day a boy named Gifford Boo touched the cheese. A boy yelled “Gifford touched the cheese!” Gifford said “no I didn’t!” but no one listened. Everyone ran. When Gifford would come towards anyone, some boy would always say scram or run. One day before summer break Gifford went back to Brazil with the cheese touch. A few years’ days’ months’ the cheese got rotten and moldy and no one touched it again. The end”
“Okay. I am never touching that cheese again, okay? thanks for the advice!” I said “You’re welcome,” said Bella

Chapter 3: A Mysterious Door

I will tell you my teachers My homeroom teacher is named Ms. Minnie and my math teacher is Ms. Mohammed. My reading and writing teacher are Mrs. Fragile and Mr. Fragile. My science teacher is Mr. Mohammed, my history teacher is named Ms. Hazel, my art teacher is named Mr. Hazel and my English teacher is named Mr. Poem. I went to go grab my book for math class. Then I saw something strange. It was a door. “A door, seriously?” I said to myself. Well, I really want to go in So, I went in...

Chapter 4: A Portal?

I walked in and at that moment I saw a portal. I went in the portal and saw a big valley. “Whoa” I said. “OKAY this is definitely a dream, right?”
    Okay time to go back, but then, I fell into a deep dark sleep.

Chapter 5: Teen Napped!

When I woke up, I was tied by ropes.
I saw a weird guy- He said, “how are you?” You don’t look like us… He looked closer to my face, I said. “Hey personal space!” “Personal what?” The strange guy replied. He doesn’t know about personal space? I thought to myself, “If I untie you, will you escape?” The strange man asked. I thought for a little while; Oh, I know I will lie to him!  I thought “Okay, I will not escape. “At that moment he untied me. I was about to make a run for it. However, He started asking me a question “So tell me about yourself, I am interested!” “Okay.” I said, “Are you one of us?” He asked “No.” I said “Oh by the way my name is MC Singer,” said the man.  “My name is Casey- Jones” I said. Why am I trusting this person? I asked myself. Then I said “Can I go now?” I tried to trick him but he said “No.” He said “I will let you go if you tell me where you came from.”
"I came- from another world happy?”
 “a- another world!?” he stammered, “yup” I replied. “Now will you let me go?”
“N- NO!” he said “I-I AM GOING TO TELL THE GUARDS THIS!!!!!”
“What guards?” I replied.
He ran outside and forgot to tie me back up so, I made a run for it!

Chapter 6: I’m Home

I ran and ran as fast as I could. I knew I was going to be in big trouble when I get back to school. I was able to find the portal in the valley. I ran straight to it and made it back into the empty room and ran right out the door and shut it right behind me. “I’m back!” I screamed.
I missed my favorite class, Math, but at least I made it back to my home world. I thought to myself I would never go back to that door again.

The End


Based on diary of a wimpy kid.